README.md, before:

# Klean Detailing

[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/trxdave/kleandetailing)](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing/commits/main)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/trxdave/kleandetailing)](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing/commits/main)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/trxdave/kleandetailing)](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing)

## Am I Responsive?

![Klean Detailing mockup images](documentation/am-i-responsive/am-i-responsive.png)

Visit the deployed website [Klean Detailing Am I Reponsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/)

## UX

### Project

* Display the cost of various Valeting options using captivating visuals and detailed descriptions.

* Booking a Services online when they are available to booking a services.

* Contact Us if you have any questions or concerns. We are here to help.

* Show example what our work job we are doing cleaning the vehicles.

* Optimize the website for search engines to increase visibility and attract customers.

### Color

The colours used in the site are black (#020202), Dark Goldenrod (#A38A09), Baby powder (#FEFEFC) and Raisin black (#272727).

I used [coolors.co](https://coolors.co/020202-a38a09-fefefc-272727) to generate my colour palette.

![alt text](documentation/Image/colours.png)

### Text

I use google font website [Fonts Google](https://fonts.google.com/)

Poppins are used for all sites but the logo are different text used by Photoshop text and designed by me in 2022.

### Logo

I designed the logo back in 2022. 

![Logo](assets/image/logo.webp)

### Wireframes

Balsamiq was used to design the website layout during the planning phase. Here are my layout designs.

| Page | Desktop | Mobile |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Index | ![alt text](documentation/wireframe/home.png) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-home.png>) |
| Our Work | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/our-work.png>) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-ow.png>) |
| Membership | ![alt text](documentation/wireframe/membership.png) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-jom.png>) |
| Book a Services | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/book-a-services.png>) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-bas.png>) |
| Contact Us | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/contact-us.png>) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-cu.png>) |


## Features

### General


### Header with Navigation Bar

* The header contains the business logo top of the screen.
* 5 pages bar includes links to the Home, Our Works, Membership, Book a  Services, Contact Us. The section will easily navigate from page to page across all devices.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/header.png)

* The button highlighted in Dark Goldenrod (#A38A09) on desktop and mobile devices.

 ![alt text](documentation/Image/hover.png)

* Responsive Header with Navigation Bar

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveheader.png)
   
### Footer

* The footer includes a logo, location address and social media channels.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/footer.png)

* Responsive Footer

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivefooter.png)


### Landing Page

* Hero Image is designed to attract the customer's attention with a car wash.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/landing-page.png)

* Responsive Landing Page

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivelandingpage.png)


### Info Section

* Information car wash, valeting and detailing.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/info-section.png)

* Responsive Info Section

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveinfosection.png)
    

### Column Section

* We are allowing the customer to read what the business has to offer.
* Show Bronze Valet, Silver Valet, Gold Valet and Platinum Valet with pricing and what item on the list.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/column.png)

* Responsive Column Section

  ![alt text](assets/image/responsive.png)  

### Our Work

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves cleaning and restoration of a vehicle, both inside and out.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/our-work.png)

* Responsive Our Work

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveourwork.png)
    

### Polishing/Paint Correction

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves polishing/paint correction.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/polishing-paint-correction.png)

* Responsive Polishing/Paint Correction

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivepaint.png)
    

### Headlight Restoration

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves headlight restoration.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/headlight-restoration.png)

* Responsive Headlight Restoration

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveheadlight.png)
    
### Leather Restoration

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves leather restoration.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/leather-restoration.png)

* Responsive Leather Restoration

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveleather.png)
    
### Join our Membership

* We are allowing the customer to join our membership for a year to get discounts all year round on products and services.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/join-our-membership.png)

* Responsive Join our Membership

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivejoinus.png)
    
### Book a Services

* We are allowing show the customer what valet involves and extra.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/book-a-services.png)

* The form allows customer to book a services, book a reservation on a specific date. 

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/book-form.png)
    
* I did make a calendar but it is not working for me and no time for it that I need learn more about what date is available and what is not available. I change input instead of calendar.

* Responsive Book a Services

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivebookaservices.png)

### Contact Us

* The form allows customers to contact us.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/contact-us.png)

* Responsive Contact Us

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivecontactus.png)
    

## Testing:

### Code Validator:

I have used the recommended HTML W3C Validator [W3C Validator](https://validator.w3.org) to validate all of my HTML files.

There were a few errors on the Validator, but I have fixed them. There are no syntax errors now.

| Directory | File | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets/validator | index.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-index.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | our-work.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-our-work.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | membership.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-join-our-membership.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | book-a-services.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-book-a-services.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | contact-us.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-contact-us.png) |  There were no syntax errors. |

### W3C CSS Validator

I have used the recommended [CSS Jigsaw Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator) to validate all of my CSS files.

I checked my CSS thoroughly and did not find any errors or warnings.

| Directory | File | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets | style.css | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/w3c-css.png) | There were no errors.


## Am I Responsive:

### Am I Responsive?

* Used to check responsiveness of the site pages across different devices.

[Klean Detailing Am I Reponsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/)

![Alt text](documentation/am-i-responsive/am-i-responsive.png)
    

### Accessibility:

I've tested my deployed project using the Lighthouse Audit tool to check for any major issues.

| Page | Mobile | Desktop | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Home | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/home-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/home-desktop.png) | 100 Accessibility |
| Our Work | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/ourwork-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/ourwork-desktop.png) | 97 Accessibility |
| Membership | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/membership-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/membership-desktop.png) | 100 Accessibility |
| Book a Services | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/bookaservices-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/bookaservices-desktop.png) | 95 Accessibility |
| Contact Us | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/contactus-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/contactus-desktop.png) | 100 Accessibility |


### Responsiveness Devices

I've tested my deployed project on multiple devices to check for responsiveness issues.

| Device | Home | Our Work | Membership | Book a Services | Contact Us |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| iPhone SE | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-2.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-3.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-4.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-5.png) | Works as expected |
| iPhone XR | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-6.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-7.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-8.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-9.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-10.png) | Works as expected |
| iPhone 12 Pro | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-11.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-12.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-13.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-14.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-15.png) | Works as expected |
| iPhone Pro Max | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-16.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-17.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-18.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-19.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-20.png) | Works as expected |
| Pixel 7 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-21.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-22.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-23.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-24.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-25.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy S8 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-26.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-27.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-28.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-29.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-30.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy S20 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-31.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-32.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-33.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-34.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-35.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad mini | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-36.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-37.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-39.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-40.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-41.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad Air | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-42.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-43.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-44.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-45.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-46.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad Pro | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-47.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-48.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-49.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-50.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-51.png) | Works as expected |
| Surface Pro 7 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-52.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-53.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-54.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-55.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-56.png) | Works as expected |
| Surface Duo | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-58.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-59.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-60.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-61.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-57.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy fold | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-62.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-63.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-64.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-65.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-66.png) | Works as expected |
| Asus Zenbook fold | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-67.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-68.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-69.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-70.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-71.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-72.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-73.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-74.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-75.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-76.png) | Works as expected |
| Nest Hub | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-77.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-78.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-79.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-80.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-81.png) | Works as expected |
| Nest Hub Max | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-82.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-83.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-85.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-86.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-87.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-88.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-89.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-90.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-91.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-92.png) | Works as expected |

## Deployment:

### GitHub

* This website was developed using Codeanywhere but there was problem and I have to change to GitHub.

    [GitHub](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing)

## Credit:

### Media

* Logo: Designed by me in 2022

![Alt text](assets/image/logo.webp)

* Hero image: Car wash by Luke Miller

* Pexels [Pexels Photography](https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-shot-of-a-car-wheel-during-car-wash-14231678/)
    
* Polishing/Paint Correction, Headlight Restoration, Leather Restoration images Instagram image [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kleandetailing2022/)

* Join Out Membership: Image by Luke Miller Pexels [Pexels Photography](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-person-polishing-the-car-s-body-14231701/)

* Contact Us: Image by Luke Miller Pexels [Pexels Photography](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-washing-his-car-14231676/)

### Libraries/Programs Used

* I regularly use W3Schools. [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
* I have completed all 24 levels of Flexbox Froggy. [Flexbox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
* I use ColorZilla for colour coding. [ColorZilla](https://www.colorzilla.com/chrome/)
* I used Font Awesome to incorporate social media icons with colour and spin into my project. [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
* While searching for information on responsive form layout, I came across Transform on W3Schools. Hopefully, this will work! [Transform](https://www.w3schools.com/css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss_align_transform)
* It helps users improve the quality and correctness of their written communication by identifying grammatical errors, spelling mistakes, punctuation issues, and style inconsistencies in their text. [Grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com/)
* GitHub is a software hosting platform that enables users to store their projects in a remote location. This allows for easy access and collaboration on the project from different locations. [GitHub](https://www.github.com/)
* GitPod as developer hosting platform. [GitPod](https://www.gitpod.com)
* Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the design phase of the project. [Balsmiq](https://balsamiq.com/)
* Responsive Design Checker was used in the testing process to check responsiveness on various devices. [Responsive Design Checker](https://www.responsivedesignchecker.com/checker.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftrxdave.github.io%2Fkleandetailing%2F&width=1400&height=700)
* Am I Responsive was used to see responsive design throughout the process and to generate mockup imagery to be used. [Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/)
* Chrome DevTools was used during development process for code review and to test responsiveness. [Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/)
* W3C Markup Validator was used to validate the HTML code. [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
* W3C CSS Validator was used to validate the CSS code. [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

Commit message:

Explain what project is about

README.md, after:

# Klean Detailing

This project is a website for a car detailing business called Klean Detailing, based in Cork, Ireland. The website serves as a platform to showcase the services offered by the business, provide pricing details, and enable customers to contact the company easily.

[View the live project here](https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/index.html)

[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/trxdave/kleandetailing)](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing/commits/main)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/trxdave/kleandetailing)](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing/commits/main)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/trxdave/kleandetailing)](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing)

## Am I Responsive?

![Klean Detailing mockup images](documentation/am-i-responsive/am-i-responsive.png)

Visit the deployed website [Klean Detailing Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/)

## UX

### Project

* Display the cost of various Valeting options using captivating visuals and detailed descriptions.

* Booking a Services online when they are available to booking a services.

* Contact Us if you have any questions or concerns. We are here to help.

* Show example what our work job we are doing cleaning the vehicles.

* Optimize the website for search engines to increase visibility and attract customers.

### Color

The colours used in the site are black (#020202), Dark Goldenrod (#A38A09), Baby powder (#FEFEFC) and Raisin black (#272727).

I used [coolors.co](https://coolors.co/020202-a38a09-fefefc-272727) to generate my colour palette.

![alt text](documentation/Image/colours.png)

### Text

I use google font website [Fonts Google](https://fonts.google.com/)

Poppins are used for all sites but the logo are different text used by Photoshop text and designed by me in 2022.

### Logo

I designed the logo back in 2022. 

![Logo](assets/image/logo.webp)

### Wireframes

Balsamiq was used to design the website layout during the planning phase. Here are my layout designs.

| Page | Desktop | Mobile |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Index | ![alt text](documentation/wireframe/home.png) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-home.png>) |
| Our Work | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/our-work.png>) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-ow.png>) |
| Membership | ![alt text](documentation/wireframe/membership.png) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-jom.png>) |
| Book a Services | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/book-a-services.png>) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-bas.png>) |
| Contact Us | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/contact-us.png>) | ![alt text](<documentation/wireframe/mobile-cu.png>) |


## Features

### General


### Header with Navigation Bar

* The header contains the business logo top of the screen.
* 5 pages bar includes links to the Home, Our Works, Membership, Book a  Services, Contact Us. The section will easily navigate from page to page across all devices.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/header.png)

* The button highlighted in Dark Goldenrod (#A38A09) on desktop and mobile devices.

 ![alt text](documentation/Image/hover.png)

* Responsive Header with Navigation Bar

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveheader.png)
   
### Footer

* The footer includes a logo, location address and social media channels.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/footer.png)

* Responsive Footer

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivefooter.png)


### Landing Page

* Hero Image is designed to attract the customer's attention with a car wash.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/landing-page.png)

* Responsive Landing Page

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivelandingpage.png)


### Info Section

* Information car wash, valeting and detailing.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/info-section.png)

* Responsive Info Section

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveinfosection.png)
    

### Column Section

* We are allowing the customer to read what the business has to offer.
* Show Bronze Valet, Silver Valet, Gold Valet and Platinum Valet with pricing and what item on the list.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/column.png)

* Responsive Column Section

  ![alt text](assets/image/responsive.png)  

### Our Work

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves cleaning and restoration of a vehicle, both inside and out.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/our-work.png)

* Responsive Our Work

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveourwork.png)
    

### Polishing/Paint Correction

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves polishing/paint correction.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/polishing-paint-correction.png)

* Responsive Polishing/Paint Correction

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivepaint.png)
    

### Headlight Restoration

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves headlight restoration.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/headlight-restoration.png)

* Responsive Headlight Restoration

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveheadlight.png)
    
### Leather Restoration

* We are allowing the customer to read what involves leather restoration.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/leather-restoration.png)

* Responsive Leather Restoration

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsiveleather.png)
    
### Join our Membership

* We are allowing the customer to join our membership for a year to get discounts all year round on products and services.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/join-our-membership.png)

* Responsive Join our Membership

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivejoinus.png)
    
### Book a Services

* We are allowing show the customer what valet involves and extra.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/book-a-services.png)

* The form allows customer to book a services, book a reservation on a specific date. 

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/book-form.png)
    
* I did make a calendar but it is not working for me and no time for it that I need learn more about what date is available and what is not available. I change input instead of calendar.

* Responsive Book a Services

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivebookaservices.png)

### Contact Us

* The form allows customers to contact us.

 ![Alt text](documentation/Image/contact-us.png)

* Responsive Contact Us

 ![alt text](assets/image/responsivecontactus.png)
    

## Testing:

### Code Validator:

I have used the recommended HTML W3C Validator [W3C Validator](https://validator.w3.org) to validate all of my HTML files.

There were a few errors on the Validator, but I have fixed them. There are no syntax errors now.

| Directory | File | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets/validator | index.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-index.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | our-work.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-our-work.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | membership.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-join-our-membership.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | book-a-services.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-book-a-services.png) | There were no syntax errors. |
| assets/validator | contact-us.html | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/validator-contact-us.png) |  There were no syntax errors. |

### W3C CSS Validator

I have used the recommended [CSS Jigsaw Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator) to validate all of my CSS files.

I checked my CSS thoroughly and did not find any errors or warnings.

| Directory | File | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets | style.css | ![screenshot](documentation/validator/w3c-css.png) | There were no errors.


## Am I Responsive:

### Am I Responsive?

* Used to check responsiveness of the site pages across different devices.

[Klean Detailing Am I Reponsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/)

![Alt text](documentation/am-i-responsive/am-i-responsive.png)
    

### Accessibility:

I've tested my deployed project using the Lighthouse Audit tool to check for any major issues.

| Page | Mobile | Desktop | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Home | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/home-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/home-desktop.png) | 100 Accessibility |
| Our Work | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/ourwork-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/ourwork-desktop.png) | 97 Accessibility |
| Membership | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/membership-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/membership-desktop.png) | 100 Accessibility |
| Book a Services | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/bookaservices-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/bookaservices-desktop.png) | 95 Accessibility |
| Contact Us | ![Mobile](documentation/accessibility/contactus-mobile.png) | ![Desktop](documentation/accessibility/contactus-desktop.png) | 100 Accessibility |


### Responsiveness Devices

I've tested my deployed project on multiple devices to check for responsiveness issues.

| Device | Home | Our Work | Membership | Book a Services | Contact Us |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| iPhone SE | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-2.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-3.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-4.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-5.png) | Works as expected |
| iPhone XR | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-6.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-7.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-8.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-9.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-10.png) | Works as expected |
| iPhone 12 Pro | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-11.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-12.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-13.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-14.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-15.png) | Works as expected |
| iPhone Pro Max | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-16.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-17.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-18.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-19.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-20.png) | Works as expected |
| Pixel 7 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-21.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-22.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-23.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-24.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-25.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy S8 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-26.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-27.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-28.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-29.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-30.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy S20 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-31.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-32.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-33.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-34.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-35.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad mini | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-36.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-37.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-39.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-40.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-41.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad Air | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-42.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-43.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-44.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-45.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-46.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad Pro | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-47.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-48.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-49.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-50.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-51.png) | Works as expected |
| Surface Pro 7 | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-52.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-53.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-54.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-55.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-56.png) | Works as expected |
| Surface Duo | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-58.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-59.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-60.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-61.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-57.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy fold | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-62.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-63.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-64.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-65.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-66.png) | Works as expected |
| Asus Zenbook fold | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-67.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-68.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-69.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-70.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-71.png) | Works as expected |
| Samsung Galaxy | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-72.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-73.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-74.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-75.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-76.png) | Works as expected |
| Nest Hub | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-77.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-78.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-79.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-80.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-81.png) | Works as expected |
| Nest Hub Max | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-82.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-83.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-85.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-86.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-87.png) | Works as expected |
| iPad | ![Home](documentation/responsiveness/image-88.png) | ![Our Work](documentation/responsiveness/image-89.png) | ![Membership](documentation/responsiveness/image-90.png) | ![Book a Services](documentation/responsiveness/image-91.png) | ![Contact Us](documentation/responsiveness/image-92.png) | Works as expected |

## Deployment:

### GitHub

* This website was developed using Codeanywhere but there was problem and I have to change to GitHub.

    [GitHub](https://github.com/trxdave/kleandetailing)

## Credit:

### Media

* Logo: Designed by me in 2022

![Alt text](assets/image/logo.webp)

* Hero image: Car wash by Luke Miller

* Pexels [Pexels Photography](https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-shot-of-a-car-wheel-during-car-wash-14231678/)
    
* Polishing/Paint Correction, Headlight Restoration, Leather Restoration images Instagram image [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kleandetailing2022/)

* Join Out Membership: Image by Luke Miller Pexels [Pexels Photography](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-person-polishing-the-car-s-body-14231701/)

* Contact Us: Image by Luke Miller Pexels [Pexels Photography](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-washing-his-car-14231676/)

### Libraries/Programs Used

* I regularly use W3Schools. [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
* I have completed all 24 levels of Flexbox Froggy. [Flexbox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
* I use ColorZilla for colour coding. [ColorZilla](https://www.colorzilla.com/chrome/)
* I used Font Awesome to incorporate social media icons with colour and spin into my project. [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
* While searching for information on responsive form layout, I came across Transform on W3Schools. Hopefully, this will work! [Transform](https://www.w3schools.com/css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss_align_transform)
* It helps users improve the quality and correctness of their written communication by identifying grammatical errors, spelling mistakes, punctuation issues, and style inconsistencies in their text. [Grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com/)
* GitHub is a software hosting platform that enables users to store their projects in a remote location. This allows for easy access and collaboration on the project from different locations. [GitHub](https://www.github.com/)
* GitPod as developer hosting platform. [GitPod](https://www.gitpod.com)
* Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the design phase of the project. [Balsmiq](https://balsamiq.com/)
* Responsive Design Checker was used in the testing process to check responsiveness on various devices. [Responsive Design Checker](https://www.responsivedesignchecker.com/checker.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftrxdave.github.io%2Fkleandetailing%2F&width=1400&height=700)
* Am I Responsive was used to see responsive design throughout the process and to generate mockup imagery to be used. [Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://trxdave.github.io/kleandetailing/)
* Chrome DevTools was used during development process for code review and to test responsiveness. [Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/)
* W3C Markup Validator was used to validate the HTML code. [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
* W3C CSS Validator was used to validate the CSS code. [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
